Building ActionBarSherlock
==========================

The `ActionBarSherlock` library along with its sample applications are all built
using Apache Maven as well as Git for dependencies. Maven will automate the
process of compiling and assembling the `jar`, `apklib`s, and `apk`s for each
project.


IDE
---

If you want to use the Eclipse development environment the easiest route is to
import the root of the repository as a Maven project. Eclipse will automatically
detect and import the library as well as all of the handlers and samples as
individual projects with their correct dependencies.

Make sure you have the latest version of the [m2eclipse plugin][1] installed as
well as [m2eclipse-android-integration][2].

Alternatively, each folder within the repository still maintains the standard
Android project layout. By specifying the desired folder as an existing source
for a new Android project, you should be able to successfully import the
sources. With this method you will have to resolve any missing dependencies
manually, however.

This should just consist of creating new Android projects using the existing
sources for each dependency.


Prerequisites
-------------

Maven compilation requires that you have installed the Android SDK as well as
the compatibility library into your local maven repository. This can be done
automatically by the [SDK Deployer][3].

Follow the instructions on setting up the SDK Deployer. Make sure you have the
3.0 SDK, the Google APIs of the same revision, and the compatibility add-on.
Then, execute the following command in the SDK Deployer folder:

    mvn install -P 3.0

This will install the Android SDK 3.0 and the compatibility library into the
local repository.

For the samples to build properly, you must install their third-party action
bar libraries. This can be automatically done by running
`python dependencies.py`. You will now have the vendor libraries in the
`vendor/` folder as well as their compiled libraries installed in your local
maven repository.


Compiling
---------

Once the prerequisites have been successfully installed, building is as easy
as running `mvn clean package`. The final JAR will be located in the
`library/target/` folder.

`apk`s for the samples are their respective `target/` folders.


Javadoc Generation
------------------

A javadoc site can be generated by executing `mvn javadoc:javadoc`. This
will compile a website of the documentation in the
`library/target/site/apidocs/` folder.




 [1]: http://m2eclipse.sonatype.org/
 [2]: http://code.google.com/a/eclipselabs.org/p/m2eclipse-android-integration/
 [3]: https://github.com/mosabua/maven-android-sdk-deployer
